PlayStation Radio UK hello everybody
it's been hear from PlayStation Radio UK
I just want to give you a couple of
quick tips as to how to succeed a little
better in the multiplayer components of
the Last of Us primarily getting to the
12th week which a lot of you will be
doing for a trophy just making that a
little bit easier so first things first
the last few weeks that you will have to
progress through weeks eight nine ten
eleven twelve
and I think week six as well is an
anomaly that I know a few people have
also struggled with where you will have
a challenge that has 100 percent of your
clan your survivors at risk now these
are complete bullshit let's be honest
there they're really cheap but there are
ways you can make it just a little bit
easier on yourself firstly is choose the
easy challenges because you will get
lots of challenges throughout your 12
weeks that don't risk a hundred percent
of your clan but the more you choose a
certain challenge they're harder it gets
to do later on so for example if you
choose downs a lot when you first start
playing later on you'll have to get
something like 20 downs to just reach
the first here you should avoid that and
make sure you always scroll down the
list cuz there are some quite easy ones
to do if you always use the revolver for
example you could be on week 12 there's
a hundred percent of your clan at risk
and you only have two down maybe four or
five people with a revolver which is
very easy second tip is to play with
friends because if you're all working
together it makes it a lot easier you
can always focus on getting the person
that has 100 percent of their clan at
risk what they need in order to proceed
so for example if you need to get
special executions they can down enemies
for you and protect the enemy until you
get there at which point you can press
triangle and get the special execution
point three if you're really really
struggling and you're on your third day
and you're not going to meet the minimum
band there's absolutely no shame in just
before the match ends if you go to your
x and b bars you see me doing here go
across to account management
press triangle on that and sign out what
it will do is disconnect you from the
game entirely and obviously PlayStation
Network as well and it'll mean that the
day doesn't progress it counts as you
completely lagging out so it the day
won't progress and you won't fail the
challenge so when you log back in you'll
still be on the same day and you'll be
able to take on another day of doing
that challenge basically so you can have
another run at it now tip 4 is a little
bit shady because some might see it as a
little bit unfair to the others that
you're playing with because you are
playing on a team obviously a four so
it's quite a tight-knit group if like me
you were completely stung and you failed
the 100% challenge and you were sent
back to day one you just think god I
just can't be asked to play this anymore
what you can do is if you've pressed out
while you're in a game and select leave
game it will ask you if you want to
forfeit your supplies and that's very
literal there because if you do choose
to quit your survivors will suffer and
it will be the equivalent of you
basically just playing a game and not
getting any kills or any points
whatsoever so people get sick and hurt
and hungry and might die but it does
progress a day now you see here my clan
is in a right old state now how this
works basically is you need to play a
couple of games and do relatively well
and then you can skip a few days then go
into a game press Start and then leave
the game maybe three or four times
before you need to play another game and
by that point your cannot be so small
that you won't have to play very well at
all in order to get surplus supplies and
build your clan back up so it is kind of
a cheat way and obviously you will be
letting your team down a little bit but
it's something to bear in mind now for
tip 5 you need to do everything I've
just said except always play supply rate
rather than survivors even if you like
survivors more whenever a 100% challenge
comes up make sure you're playing supply
raid there's at least 24 spawns there at
least 24 people for you to kill or you
to take out in some way which is usually
far more than a game of survivors and
basically it's just a lot easier to get
stuff done so make sure you're playing
the respawn mode supply raid so
hopefully those tips and pointers will
be able to help you out there I've been
been for PlayStation radio UK make sure
you check out our interview with troy
baker who portrayed joel in The Last of
Us and also listen to our podcast as
well love you bye
you